MishMash2 Fractal
Collection of algorithms and UX from several other
fractal apps, hoping to come with a new
and interesting display.
My new most favorite app.

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Slide your finger up and down the list to select
the desired widget.  Its' legend will turn Green.

Now on the image,
slider your finger to control the widget's parameters.

Double tap on a widget legend to toggle it between
fast and slow editing.  Red graph background = slow.

Buttons:
The button command is performed by selecting the
legend, then releasing your finger.

Note: Pinch the image to control 2D zoom.

A. The app Flam3 uses a weighted random function to
   select which algorithm is used every cycle.
   This app instead uses a simple grammar, where the
   characters in a 1-12 character string specify which
   algorithm is used. The "grammar string" is repeated
   as necessary during a drawing session.
   Press "Edit Grammar" to launch the grammar editor dialog.
   Press "Random" to randomize just the grammar string.

B. The grammar string selects from 4 algorithms for each cycle.
   These 4 groups hold all the data for each algorithm.
   Press on the function name
   (the word at the top of each group)
   to launch the function selection dialog.
   The functions themselves come from the Flam3 app.
   * Translation
   * Scale
   * Rotate affect the function output after every cycle.
   The function group gains a tinted background color when
   that function is included in the grammar string.

On fractalforums.org, user 3DickUlus posted a beautiful
   image with the fragment shader attached.
   I copied the algorithm into this app to
   do some experimentation.

C. Multiplier
D. StripeDensity
E. EscapeRadius are all parameters
   to 3DickUlus' coloring algorithm.
   Check out the shader code for usage.

F. Contrast is an effect I added myself.
G. Color R,G,B  affect the relative coloring of the image.

H. Resolution : Toggle hi / low resolution
I. Shadow  another homemade effect.

J. "Auto"  Toggle autoMove.
   Widget values are all swept around by small,
   slow sine waves.
   Each time you turn this 'On' the speed and radius
   of each sine wave is randomized.

K. Move:  Slide one finger across 2D image to Pan.

L. Random : randommly alter all parameters.
   Keep clicking until you come across a configuration
   that produces an image..

M. Load the next already saved image (round-robin).
N. Launch the Save/Load dialog.

O. "Email"  Email image.  Got any friends? (I don't).
   You can email them the parameters for the current
   image to their MishMash app.

P. Help : this dialog

Q. 3D : Toggle 3D view on/off.
   * use two finger Pan to rotate the image.
   * single tap the image to stop rotation.
   * Pinch to control zoom.

   I'm sorry, there is a bug I am still working on:
   in 3D mode, sometimes the 2 finger rotate gestures
   are ignored, even though zooming might still work.
   When this happens, cycle 'Resolution'.
   That usually seems to cure it..

R. Smooth the 3D image.
   Press to cycle through the settings.
S. Zoom into the 3D display.
   Press to cycle through the settings.

T. Stereo :
   Image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
   With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross
   your eyes so that there is a third image in the middle.
   Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that
   middle image, which is in 3D.

U. Height: the height of the pixels while in 3D mode.


